Instruction1: 
1. Grab the tongs with your right hand, Yuri.
2. Squeeze the tongs together and relax it.
3. Use the same motion to pick up the red ball from the plate.
4. Lift the red ball and bring it all the way down to the towel.
5. Let go of the red ball on the towel.
6. Use the same squeezing motion to pick up the blue ball.
7. Lift the blue ball without dropping it and bring it down onto the towel.
8. Repeat the process for the yellow ball.
9. After placing the yellow ball on the towel, let go completely.
10. Put the tongs back down on the towel.

Instruction2:
1. Sit at the table with a bowl containing three colored spheres—yellow, red, and blue—, a towel, and  a tong in front of you.
2. Pick up the tongs with your right hand.
3. Use the tongs to pick up the yellow bead from the bowl.
4. Move the yellow bead onto the towel and release it gently.
5. Use the tongs to pick up the red bead from the bowl. 
6. Move the red bead onto the towel and release it.
7. Pick up the blue bead from the bowl using the tongs.
8. Place the blue sphere on the towel.
9. Place the tongs on the table
10. Rest your right hand.

Instruction3: 
1. Place the tongs in your right hand with your left hand.
2. Position the thumb on one side of the tongs and the other four fingers on the other side.
3. Pick up one ball at a time with the tongs.
4. Transferring the balls over to the towel one at a time.
5. Repeat the previous steps for all three balls.
6. after all balls are transferred to the towel, transfer them back to the bowl one at a time

Instruction4:
1. "Sit at the table with a bowl containing three colored spheres\u2014yellow, red, and blue\u2014, a towel, and a tong in front of you.",
2. "Pick up the tongs with your right hand.",
3. "Use the tongs to pick up the yellow bead from the bowl.",
4. "Move the yellow bead onto the towel and release it gently.",
5. "Next, use the tongs to pick up the red bead from the bowl.",
6. "Move the red bead onto the towel and release it.",
7. "Then, pick up the blue bead from the bowl using the tongs.",
8. "Place the blue sphere on the towel.",
9. "Next, place the tongs on the table",
10. "Finally, rest your right hand."