Instruction1:
1. "Yuri, use your right arm to pick up the lemon from the bowl.",
2. "Then bring the lemon out to the side",
3. "Drop the lemon on the table.",
4. "Use your right arm to pick up the apple from the bowl. You can use your left arm to support your right arm if the apple is too heavy.",
5. "Then bring the apple all the way to the side",
6. "Place it next to the lemon on the table.",
7. "Use your right arm to pick up the banana from the bowl.",
8. "Then bring the banana out to the side",
9. "Drop the banana on the table."

Instruction2:
1. Sit at the table with a bowl containing an apple, a lemon, and a banana in front of you.
2. Place your right hand near the bowl.
3. Use your right hand to pick up the apple from the bowl. 
4. Place the apple gently on the table.
5. Use your right hand to pick up the lemon from the bowl.
6. Gently place the lemon on the table next to the apple. 
7. Place your right hand on the table to take some rest. 
8. Pick up the banana using your right hand. 
9. Place the banana on the table next to the other fruits.
10. Rest your right arm.

Instruction3:
1. "Prepare a bowl in front of you at about chest height.",
2. "Position the bowl a little bit more on the right side.",
3. "Take the lighter weight object, the cube.",
4. "Pick up the cube and try to lift it as much as you can.",
5. "Bend your arm as much as the brace will allow as you move the cube.",
6. "Move the cube to your right.",
7. "Place the cube on the side of the table and gently let it go.",
8. "Lower your hand and pick up the banana.",
9. "Lift your arm to bring the banana up towards your face, bending your elbow as much as the brace will allow.",
10. "If the object is too heavy, move your arm out horizontally instead of lifting the banana high.",
11. "Place the banana gently on the table.",
12. "Grab the last cube in the bowl and try to lift it a little bit higher if possible.",
13. "Move the cube to your side and then gently set it down."

Instruction4:
1. Sit at the table with a bowl containing an apple, a lemon, and a banana in front of you.
2. Place your right hand near the bowl.
3. Use your right hand to pick up the apple from the bowl. 
4. Place the apple gently on the table.
5. Use your right hand to pick up the lemon from the bowl.
6. Gently place the lemon on the table. 
7. Place your right hand on the table to take some rest. 
8. Pick up the banana using your right hand. 
9. Place the banana on the table.
10. Rest your right arm.
